Single_sign_keys:
{
'owner': ['5JP3EbwqTqkyCHpkECAANMd9SWbr4RApzbj8WkZj7JwezicsL6m'],
'active': ['5JqgqkuYAPx2xbSuttJst6Z1mTS3dJh7wdKi8b99MUcrsyT6fyM'],
'posting': ['5JfcKpyjeyZ4dqdVjXUHFzVQkvU2ZK1kLQS8SSBhEu7bdH5vdh4']
}
Witnesses_keys:
initminer:  5JNHfZYKGaomSFvd4NUdQ9qMcEAC43kujbfjueTHpVapX1Kzq2n
witness-0:  5K4aoZc1SQzfRvTfe9W5Yp32nN3tDgiSJ65ySePeG8g9RYJMVvL
witness-1:  5JVn8V3d5RgBhaiHrWo6YRiVJdWJVMv43wbsMNDtYsT7wvuBvDN
witness-2:  5JDKuxi3SzrJ96QQ6p2tB2zwCk9mMeJCDB65WaRdkHn5Nivkw2g
witness-3:  5JyiNt8h5FWb5kYbP2fxkAgx1NTWVN3igbbTSp6VqbRX3rsjPKU
witness-4:  5JeuU3PjbkfPUD2APWzS1mXKfufcBGiBQifjPdhUNFUoWBSWpre
witness-5:  5JoUz8LLCRrCQJrMLAAHfZwZnGa7cAyY2TLAsPfP1MU9MFqgHf8
witness-6:  5KJgoWcJbS2PoDJUaDnzywAG8TC4EB2EhSq3LtGFRR15xGdDLjb
witness-7:  5KeAGu8yWpyaDn8LxMub2Xd5dWDd5bLE7bgyUCPASc7at5hUZAX
witness-8:  5KMewQ4yv6FxyKSYac9EqaAdaJAeW4PPW3jkVetA29vnH1iEfTb
witness-9:  5JRywXzcawejhNCrLvy8m1oqrVFapRRATnMAMr4spHhj6x8auBf
witness-10:  5HpvDkxDkXvDN7diHvz2oVRZyPxQPbTLYx3rYaFLGvZTKVNpaGg
witness-11:  5KePhGuSqjm8xrgg9ZTRN7ukbHRPRuECSBvQvvUZdgjNmxcqSyk
witness-12:  5JfJqtA182G69VYECM89njRdi35zzbBuAYUnD4TyWH2tS3xpG4F
witness-13:  5K32YvjWZuzEcuaExL8vf7E8nMu5h18dde8QUuwMZGbArV1siDu
witness-14:  5KdEt2u4MkADyDywBs82KDjMLUnj86tVRHxYyMzfC4npXe1XNZg
witness-15:  5Hz27CtQFUXzsBswBdZPax1QdBGmwtEimwamToFY7ukFDaEeTri
witness-16:  5J9YwFnf9CqoH2St5Pa4zTvmbJMgSX66NXsatvbpDMQKjUpz62F
witness-17:  5HtHJLNzo6Knau92XwgnoHdkuMNaJptrx1v34znar431UszB8Ea
witness-18:  5JFmmgVMq5X57CxZuWKFQMdvgJeHsNg4dWpKbBs7HxBLxUMx9Rw
witness-19:  5J9iu9kZzEjF2pBv2FNXndjf3EFw9tYxKmrYdpiFMA9pPBVAvrm
